Final Rush

It was 4:00 when we arrived the Kibo Hut, and we started to react to the altitude, which displayed as extreme exhaustion, and I began to feel sleepy once I arrived our room and stopped moving. However, there was no time for me to take the rest. I had to prepare for my additional clothes, and for it was freezing cold with half oxigen in the room, my head hardly made clear dicisions. We were told to go to bed immediately after arriving the huts site, since we had to get up at midnight for the final climb, accompanied with full moon, which could be our great fortune. When we left the hut without the disturbing lights, we were able to turn off the head lamp and the moonlight is bright enough to indicate our path. Lying in the sleeping bag had been sweet and comfortable, but this time I felt dizzy and cold. It was my first time to sleep in a sleepbag on 4,700 meters' height, and the experience was not as I expected. I could not give up, because the hardship was my own choice. However, I could not stop regretting.

When we decided to conquer Mount.Kilimanjaro, I was so naive that I believed that the climbing process could be no more than slowly walking up and breathing heavily, and then we could arrive, and then we walk down. After my father's friend led us to choose our gears and clothings, the feel that the trip will not be easy grew in my mind, for we were asked to choose as more expensive as possible, like the top level jackets, which would increase our possiblity to summit. On the bus from the Kilimanjaro Airport to our hotel, we had a glimpse of the mountain. For the first time I wanted to give up.

I had never seen anything like the mountain, so initially I thought the white texture in the air was cloud. Eventually I figured out it was the snow at top of the mountain. This was the scenery I only saw in the photos and movies, and for the appearance this was the most enormous thing I had ever saw in my life. The mountain occupied half of the sky, and the everyone could feel the eerie pressure exerted by it, but also its beattitude. The reason why I wanted to give up is that, just like the residents beneath Mount.Everest do not want to conquer it, I did not want to climb the magnificent and holy mountain that I had witnessed by myself. However, that was our main goal here.

Last few days could be expressed as fun. Trekking for the longest distance in my life, chatting with our guides and potters, and enjoying the unique and incredible tropical sights were the peace before the upcoming storm. The weather at the first day was wet and cool, and at the second day it became cold and windy with less flora. At the third day, our path was desert and barren with heavy wind, and we hardly saw any plants. The breathing became heavier, with exhaustion and sleepiness. And we arrived the final hut, Kibo Hut.

